pseudo class: 
a pseudo class defines a specific state of an element
pseudo clases use single colon (:)
ex:
    when user hovers
    when iput is focused
    when link is visited
    when element is first child
    a:hover{
        color:red;
    }


### display properties
Display: It defines the layout behavior of an element.

block:takes full width
inline: takes only content width
inline-block:inline but allows width and height
none:hides the element
flex:flexbox layout(rows or columns-1 dimensional)
gird:grid layout(rows and columns-2 dimensional)

display:block
Block elements start on a new line
takes full width
can set width and height
common block level elements are : p,h1-h6,section,article

display:inline
Inline elements do not start on a newline
only take content width
width and height don't work

display:inline-block
This is a combination of inline + block
elements stay in the same line but width and height work

display:none
completely removes the element from the page
space is removed
visibility:hidden
hidden but space remains

display:flex
flexbox is a layout model used to arrange elements in a row or column
flexbox has 2 main parts:
flex container : The parent element
flex items : The child elements inside the container


display:flex-wrap
By,default flexbox tries to place all items in one row
sometimes,there is not enough space, so items overflow outside the container
flex-wrap solves this by moving items to another line

gap:
gap is used to create space between flex items
Earlier developers used margin to create a space between 2 elements
Now,flexbox provides gap which is cleaner and easier

flex-grow:
flex-grow allows flex items to grow and occupy extra space in the container.

flex-basis:
flex-basis defines the initial size of a flex item before growing or shrinking.

flex-sink:
flex-shrink controls how items shrink if container space is small.


css grid:
Grid is a layout system used to create rows and columns on a webpage.
unlike flexbox which is one dimensional,grid is two dimensional
That means it can control both rows and columns
grid container:
    The parent element where we apply
    display:grid
grid items:
    The child elements inside the container


position in css:
The position property controls how an element is placed on the webpage
using position we can move elements using top,left,right,bottom
css has 5 types of position:
static:default
relative:move relative to itself
absolute:positioned relative to parent
fixed:fixed on screen
sticky:sticks when scrolling

position:static
This is the default position of all elements
top,left,right,bottom doesn't work with it,
so elements appear in normal document flow

position:relative
relative moves an element relative to its original position.
The element still keeps its original space in the document flow.

position:absolute
The element is positioned relative to the nearest positioned parent.
If no parent has position set, it will move relative to the page (body).
The element does NOT keep its original space.


Responsive design:
Responsive design means a website automatically adjusts its layout
depending on screen size 

media queries?
Media Queries allow CSS to apply different styles for different
screen sizes.


